add redirect to windows user creation instructions to host user creation doc (#25699)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/server-access/guides/host-user-creation.mdx

---

Teleport's SSH Service can be configured to automatically create local Unix users

> upon login.  Refer to the [Desktop Access RBAC guide](../desktop-access/rbac.mdx#automatic-user-creation)

Reviewer: I would place the new sentence as a separate paragraph at the end of the introductory section, rather than as the second sentence in the first paragraph. For users who are reading the correct guide (i.e., who want to set up host user creation for SSH), the new sentence gets in the way a bit.

> upon login.  Refer to the [Desktop Access RBAC guide](https://goteleport.com/docs/desktop-access/rbac/#automatic-user-creation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
upon login.  Refer to the [Desktop Access RBAC guide](../desktop-access/rbac.mdx#automatic-user-creation)
```

> if looking for instructions on how to automatically create local users in Windows machines.

Reviewer 2: I'd like @ptgott or @alexfornuto's review for the copy here. Something about _if looking for instructions_ doesn't seem quite right to me but I can't even describe why.

Author: I can drop the `if looking` to make it more direct, open to opinions here so style stays consistent across our docs

Author: reworded to `for how to automatically create local users in Windows machines`, will let docs team review then close out

> if looking for instructions on how to create local users in Windows machines.

Reviewer 3: Change to automatically create local users
